doc: added section for `customUserProperties.update` (#27)
HiveHQ/HiveSdkDocs: source/index.html.md

<aside class='notice'>
  Updates to orders will not be saved until the user who created the order is "authenticated" via the SDK. In practice, this means that a <code>ticketingOrder.update</code> command will be processed immediately for users who have been "autenticated" by a previous <code>emailSignup</code> or <code>phoneNumberSignup</code> command. For users who weren't "authenticated" before a <code>ticketingOrder.update</code> command is made, the <code>ticketingOrder.update</code> command will be "buffered" by the SDK and processed immediately following a <code>emailSignup</code> or <code>phoneNumberSignup</code> command (which can potentially happen in the future on a separate pageview or session entirely).
</aside>

> # Add Custom User Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set Custom User Properties
```

> This command will add and update custom user properties for the current user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will set custom user properties on the currently "authenticated" user. Any custom user properties that did not exist before will get created and any existing custom user properties that do exist will be updated.
```

Reviewer: lets also move this below the code block - i think thats necessary to do!

> ```javascript

Reviewer: i believe we need to add this to add a header for the code block!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4978606/198380988-adb50dfd-5222-4f66-b64d-531c5f13a87b.png)

```suggestion
> Use the following command to set custom user properties on the authenticated user.

```javascript
```

HIVE_SDK(
  'customUserProperties',
  'update',
  {
    // 'Property Name': 'Property Value'
    'Favorite Color': 'blue',
    'Import ID': 'ABCD123'
  },
  function() { 
    // success calback, called after data is saved
  } 
  function(data) {
    // failure callback, called if something goes wrong
    // error information is provided in the "data" param
  }
)
```

> The third argument is an object of the custom properties name as keys with their values as the object values. This call will created any non-existing properties and update the value of any existing one.

Reviewer: I think someone who reads this documentation can understand it fairly quickly and easily without this blurb! Maybe, instead, we can let the reader know that the value's must be strings and if not they will get converted to strings when saved onto the user (its a db design thing.. lowkey sucks lol)

```suggestion
Note that the values for each custom user property must be a string. Any value passed in that is not a string will be saved as a string.
```
